[Go] Add numbers concept exercise (#480)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/numbers/.docs/introduction.md

# Introduction

### Numbers

Go contains basic numeric types that can represent sets of either integer or
floating-point values. There a different types depending on the size of value
you require and the architecture of the computer where the application is
running (e.g. 32-bit and 64-bit).

For the sake of this exercise you will only be dealing with:

- `int`: e.g. `0`, `255`, `2147483647`. A signed integer that is at least 32
  bits in size (value range of: -2147483648 through 2147483647). But this will

>   depend on the systems architecture. Most modern computers are 64 bit therfore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  depend on the systems architecture. Most modern computers are 64 bit therefore
```

  `int` will be 64 bits in size (value rate of: -9223372036854775808 through
  9223372036854775807).
- `float64`: e.g. `0.0`, `3.14`. Contains the set of all 64-bit floating-point
  numbers.

For a full list of the available numeric types and more detail see the
following resources:

- [Go builtin type declarations][go-builtins]
- [Digital Ocean - Understanding Data Types in Go][do-understanding-types]
- [Arden Labs - Understanding Type in Go][arden-understanding-types]

### Type Conversion

> This exercise may require using type conversion. Here is an quick overview of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exercise requires using type conversion. Here is an quick overview of
```

Reviewer: Or, do you see a way around it?

Author: off the top of my head I don't, but didn't want to give too much away :smile:

- `float64`: e.g. `0.0`, `3.14`. Contains the set of all 64-bit floating-point
  numbers.

For a full list of the available numeric types and more detail see the
following resources:

- [Go builtin type declarations][go-builtins]
- [Digital Ocean - Understanding Data Types in Go][do-understanding-types]
- [Arden Labs - Understanding Type in Go][arden-understanding-types]

### Arithmetic Operators in Go

Note that Go supports the standard set of arithmetic operators shown below:

```go
fmt.Println("1 + 2  = ", 1 + 2)   // Addition
fmt.Println("10 - 2 = ", 10 - 2)  // Subtraction
fmt.Println("5 * 2  = ", 5 * 2)   // Multiplication
fmt.Println("10 / 2 = ", 10 / 2)  // Division
fmt.Println("10 % 2 = ", 10%2)    // Remainder
```

[link to Go Playground for this example][play-arithmetic]

For more information please see [here][go-lang-spec-arithmetic-operators]

### Type Conversion

In Go, assignment of a value between different types requires explicit
conversion. For example, to convert an `int` to a `float64` you would need to
do the following:

```go
var x int = 42
f := float64(x)

fmt.Printf("x is of type: %s\n", reflect.TypeOf(x))

> fmt.Printf("f is of type: %s\n", reflect.TypeOf(f))

Reviewer: Nice. `reflect.TypeOf` is very clear as we haven't introduced string formatting at this point. `%T` would be hard to understand at this point.

Reviewer 2: Might be nice to add a comment that indicates what the output will be of the `Printf` call.

Author: Good idea, have updated with this added and there are links to the Go playground in case the student wants to look at this themselves.

# Introduction

### Numbers

Go contains basic numeric types that can represent sets of either integer or
floating-point values. There a different types depending on the size of value
you require and the architecture of the computer where the application is
running (e.g. 32-bit and 64-bit).

For the sake of this exercise you will only be dealing with:

- `int`: e.g. `0`, `255`, `2147483647`. A signed integer that is at least 32
  bits in size (value range of: -2147483648 through 2147483647). But this will
  depend on the systems architecture. Most modern computers are 64 bit,
  therefore `int` will be 64 bits in size (value rate of:
  -9223372036854775808 through 9223372036854775807).

- `float64`: e.g. `0.0`, `3.14`. Contains the set of all 64-bit floating-point
  numbers.

For a full list of the available numeric types and more detail see the
following resources:

- [Go builtin type declarations][go-builtins]
- [Digital Ocean - Understanding Data Types in Go][do-understanding-types]
- [Arden Labs - Understanding Type in Go][arden-understanding-types]

### Arithmetic Operators in Go

> Note that Go supports the standard set of arithmetic operators shown below:

Reviewer 3: Could we maybe have just a sentence here:
```
Note that Go supports the standard set of arithmetic operators of `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` and `%` (remainder not modulo). 
```

And then everything else in this arithmetic bit move into either `hints.md` or `after.md`? Just to keep this bit a bit more concise and give less away up front?

Author: good idea, have moved this to `hints.md`

```go
fmt.Println("1 + 2  = ", 1 + 2)   // Addition
// Output: 1 + 2 = 3

fmt.Println("10 - 2 = ", 10 - 2)  // Subtraction
// Output: 10 - 2 = 8

fmt.Println("5 * 2  = ", 5 * 2)   // Multiplication
// Output: 5 * 2 = 10

fmt.Println("10 / 2 = ", 10 / 2)  // Division
// Output: 10 / 2 = 5

fmt.Println("10 % 2 = ", 10%2)    // Remainder
// Output: 10 % 2 = 0
```

[link to Go Playground for this example][play-arithmetic]

For more information please see [here][go-lang-spec-arithmetic-operators]

### Type Conversion

In Go, assignment of a value between different types requires explicit
conversion. For example, to convert an `int` to a `float64` you would need to
do the following:

```go
var x int = 42
f := float64(x)

fmt.Printf("x is of type: %s\n", reflect.TypeOf(x))
// Output: x is of type: int

fmt.Printf("f is of type: %s\n", reflect.TypeOf(f))
// Output: f is of type: float64
```

> [link to Go Playground for this example][play-conversion]

Reviewer 3: I suggest removing this, as we want people to play in the exercise, not take them elsewhere.

Author: cool cool, have removed :)

> For more information on Type Conversion please see

Reviewer 3: This would be better placed in hints.md or after.md I think

Author: good idea, have moved this to `after.md` as is more further reading.
